_pages/index.md, before:

---
permalink: /
layout: index
title: Homepage
lead: We work with New York City's Urban Planners to deliver impactful, modern technology tools.

---

## Planning + Tech

<div class="grid-x grid-margin-x">
  <div class="cell large-auto">
    <p class="lead">We believe better outcomes can be achieved using modern design and development practices along with open technology. We are civic technologists here to help support the Department of City Planning's mission.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="cell large-auto">

    <div class="media-object">
      <div class="media-object-section">
        {% include svg/icon--monitor.svg %}
      </div>
      <div class="media-object-section">
        <p class="header-medium">Bring civic data to life through interactive maps and visualizations</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="media-object">
      <div class="media-object-section">
        {% include svg/icon--skyline.svg %}
      </div>
      <div class="media-object-section">
        <p class="header-medium">Create tools to help New Yorkers better understand the built environment</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="media-object">
      <div class="media-object-section">
        {% include svg/icon--folder-with-clock.svg %}
      </div>
      <div class="media-object-section">
        <p class="header-medium">Build simple web-based tools to streamline internal workflows</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

use front matter for hero call-to-action button(s)

_pages/index.md, after:

---
permalink: /
layout: index
title: Homepage
lead: We work with New York City's Urban Planners to deliver impactful, modern technology tools.
hero-buttons:
  - call-to-action: Get in touch
    permalink: /contact

---

## Planning + Tech

<div class="grid-x grid-margin-x">
  <div class="cell large-auto">
    <p class="lead">We believe better outcomes can be achieved using modern design and development practices along with open technology. We are civic technologists here to help support the Department of City Planning's mission.</p>
  </div>
  <div class="cell large-auto">

    <div class="media-object">
      <div class="media-object-section">
        {% include svg/icon--monitor.svg %}
      </div>
      <div class="media-object-section">
        <p class="header-medium">Bring civic data to life through interactive maps and visualizations</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="media-object">
      <div class="media-object-section">
        {% include svg/icon--skyline.svg %}
      </div>
      <div class="media-object-section">
        <p class="header-medium">Create tools to help New Yorkers better understand the built environment</p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="media-object">
      <div class="media-object-section">
        {% include svg/icon--folder-with-clock.svg %}
      </div>
      <div class="media-object-section">
        <p class="header-medium">Build simple web-based tools to streamline internal workflows</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>
</div>
